uatconnect.pbc-np.com
www.clarity.msaz416426.vo.msecnd.net
"Bankcard Cookie Policy
Last updated: January 20, 2023

Like many other companies PREMIER Bankcard, LLC (“PREMIER,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) uses cookies and other tracking technologies (such as pixels and web beacons) (collectively, “Cookies”) when you visit our website (“Site”) and use the services provided through our Site (“Services”). This Cookie Policy explains how we use Cookies and how you can manage them. Please review our Privacy Statement opens in a new window to learn more about our privacy practices.

This Cookie Policy covers the following topics:

Cookies and Online Tracking Technologies We Use
How You Can Manage Cookies
How to Contact Us
We may use the following types of cookies:

Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies are necessary for our site to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you that amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of our site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance cookies: These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Functional cookies: These cookies enable our site to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting cookies: These cookies may be set through our sites by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
1. Cookies and Online Tracking Technologies We Use
“Cookies” are small files of information that are stored by your web browser software on your computer hard drive, mobile or other devices (e.g., smartphones or tablets).

We may use the following types of Cookies:

Strictly Necessary Cookies
These Cookies are necessary for our Site to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you that amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these Cookies, but some parts of our Site will not then work. These Cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

We use Google reCAPTCHA, a free service provided by Google, Inc., to protect our Site from spam and abuse. Google reCAPTCHA uses advanced risk analysis techniques to decipher humans and bots. Google reCAPTCHA works differently depending on what version is deployed. For example, you may be asked to check a box indicating that you are not a robot or Google reCAPTCHA may detect abusive traffic without user interaction. Google reCAPTCHA works by transmitting certain types of information to Google, such as the referrer URL, IP address, visitor behavior, operating system information, browser and length of the visit, cookies, and mouse movements. Your use of Google reCAPTCHA is subject to Google’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. More information as to Google reCAPTCHA and how it works is available here opens in a new window.

Performance Cookies
These Cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the Site. All information these Cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.

We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses Cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with the Site and Services, compile reports on their activity, and provide other services related to their activity and usage. The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a returning visitor, and any referring website. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies opens in a new window. To learn more about Google’s partner services and to learn how to opt-out of tracking of analytics by Google, click here opens in a new window.

We use Microsoft Clarity to understand how users interact with our Site. Microsoft may collect personal information from individuals visiting our Sites. Microsoft’s privacy policy is available here opens in a new window.

We may use Cookies and similar technologies third-party vendors provide to collect information on user behavior (e.g., screens and pages visited, buttons and links clicked, limited information entered, and user taps, keystrokes, and mouse movements). This information enables us to monitor and improve the user experience.

Functional Cookies
These Cookies enable our Site to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these Cookies, then some or all of the Services may not function properly.

Targeting Cookies
These Cookies may be set through our Site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other websites. If you do not allow these Cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.

Social Media Cookies
These Cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the Sites to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other websites and building a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these Cookies, you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.

Cookie List
For your reference, the following is a list of some of the Cookies we use.

Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary for our site to function and cannot be switched off. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms. If you set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, some parts of the site will not work.

Strictly Necessary Cookies
Host	Cookies	Cookies Used
www.mypremiercreditcard.com	ADRUM_xxxx	First Party
wa-prod-umbraco-front.azurewebsites.net	TiPMix , x-ms-routing-name	First Party
.www.premiercardoffer.net	OptanonConsent , OptanonAlertBoxClosed	First Party
.premiercardoffer.net	nid_cid , nid_sid	First Party
www.premiercardoffer.net	ARRAffinity , AppInformation , ARRAffinitySameSite , ASP.NET_SessionId , __RequestVerificationToken , __cflb	First Party
uatconnect.pbc-np.com	.AspNetCore.Antiforgery , AWSALB	First Party
connect.mypremiercreditcard.com	HashedCode , .AspNetCore. , __cf_bm , AWSALBCORS , AuthenticationCookie	First Party
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Performance Cookies
Host	Cookies	Cookies Used
www.clarity.ms	CLID	First Party
cdn.appdynamics.com	ADRUM	First Party
premiercardoffer.net	_gclxxxx , _ga	First Party
clarity.ms	MUID	First Party
uatconnect.pbc-np.com	ADRUM_xxxx	First Party
pdx-col.eum-appdynamics.com	SameSite	First Party
c.clarity.ms	ANONCHK , SM , MR	First Party
www.premiercardoffer.net	ai_user , ai_session	First Party
mypremiercreditcard.com	_uetvid , _gid , _ga_xxxxxxx , _clsk , _clck	First Party
az416426.vo.msecnd.net	ai_session	Third Party
mypremiercreditcard.com	ADRUM	Third Party
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads on other sites. They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.

Targeting Cookies
Host	Cookies	Cookies Used
www.premiercardoffer.net	upsellitredirect	First Party
bing.com	MUID	First Party
facebook.com	fr	First Party
premiercardoffer.net	_gat_gtag_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx	First Party
doubleclick.net	IDE , test_cookie	First Party
mypremiercreditcard.com	_uetsid , _gat_UA-XXXXXX-X , _fbp	First Party
youtube.com	YSC , VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE , CONSENT	First Party
c.bing.com	SRM_B , MR	First Party
www.facebook.com		First Party
.bing.com	SRCHUID, SRCHUSR, SRCHD, SRCHHPGUSR	Third Party
simpli.fi	suid, suid_legacy	Third Party
.facebook.com	c_user, presence, datr, xs, usida, sb	Third Party
.doubleclick.net	DSID	Third Party
How You Can Manage Cookies
When you first visit our Site, you may be presented with a banner that offers you choices about whether to accept or reject Cookies or tracking technologies of different types.

Browser Settings
Cookies can be blocked by changing your internet browser settings to refuse all or some Cookies. If you choose to block all Cookies (including strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our Site.

You can find out more about Cookies and how to manage them by visiting www.AboutCookies.org opens in a new window or www.AllAboutCookies.org opens in a new window.

Platform Controls
You can opt out of Cookies set by specific entities following the instructions found at these links:

Google: https://adssettings.google.com opens in a new window
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/ads opens in a new window
Microsoft: https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/ opens in a new window
Advertising Industry Resources
You can understand which entities have currently enabled Cookies for your browser or mobile device and how to opt out of some of those Cookies by accessing the Network Advertising Initiative's website opens in a new window or the Digital Advertising Alliance's website opens in a new window. For more information on mobile specific opt-out choices, visit the Network Advertising Initiative's Mobile choices website opens in a new window.

Please note that these opt-out mechanisms are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised. Therefore, you will need to opt out on every browser and device that you use.

How to Contact Us
To contact us for questions or concerns about our privacy policies or practices please contact us via any of the following methods:

In writing:
PREMIER Bankcard, LLC
3820 N Louise Avenue
Sioux Falls, SD 57107

By phone: 1-800-987-5521

By email: privacystmt@premierbankcard.com

"
 <https://www.premiercardoffer.net/Apply/static/CookiePolicy.html#:~:text=Bankcard%20Cookie%20Policy,privacystmt%40premierbankcard.com/>
 "
 
